---
title: Manage Hosted RPA bots (preview) | Microsoft Docs
description: Manage Hosted RPA bots (preview)
author: mustlaz

ms.subservice: desktop-flow
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 5/5/2022
ms.author: mustlaz
ms.reviewer:
search.app: 
  - Flow
search.audienceType: 
  - flowmaker
  - enduser
---

# Hosted RPA bots (preview)

[!INCLUDE cc-beta-prerelease-disclaimer]

Hosted RPA bots (preview) allow you to run unattended automation at scale without the need to provide or setup any machine. Hosted RPA bots (preview) can be created like any other machine group and machines will be automatically provisioned by Power Automate based on the defined configuration. Desktop flows assigned to a group of hosted RPA bots (preview) will get queued to it when triggered to run.
When a bot in the group is available and like for any machine group, it will be assigned the next desktop flow to be executed in the queue. Learn more about [the desktop flow queues](monitor-desktop-flow-queues.md).


Prerequisites
To be able to use Hosted RPA bots (preview), one of the following licensing options are needed:

Using the existing Power Automate per user plan with attended RPA or per flow plan + the Power Automate unattended RPA add-ons:
During the preview period, Hosted RPA bots will be available using the existing licenses to run unattended RPA which means the Power Automate per user plan with attended RPA or the per flow plan + the Power Automate unattended RPA add-on with no additional charges. You need to assign to your environment as many add-ons as many bots you want to run in parallel in your environment.

Using the Power Automate per user plan with attended RPA trial + the Power Automate unattended RPA add-on trial:

The plans and add-ons mentioned above have trial versions which last 30 days and could be extended once to a total of 60 days. Organization admins could obtain up to 25 seats from [Microsoft 365 admin center](../overview-cloud.md), assign those attended RPA trials to 25 individual makers, and assign the unattended add-ons to targeted environments. [Click here](./organization-q-and-a#power-automate-rpa-license) to learn more.

Using the 90-days self-assisted premium trial:
The trial user can create up to 3 hosted RPA bots groups and can have up to X bots in a given environment.

Along with the right license option, users need to have at least the environment maker role to be able to create and use hosted RPA bots.

 The user should have at least an environment maker role and 
